What about the northern kings of Qinfeng Town?
Are your lies going to be self-defeating?
Humph
It's been three minutes
What's the hurry, Qin Feng?
You really make a big deal of yourself
You think you have three minutes
Let that person live in the North
Half a lifetime
The powerful king of Zhenbei is desperate for you
Qingfeng, you are rich by yourself
I haven't walked past my surname Wang
My heavenly king's order is alternated by the king of Zhenbei himself
He is the confidant of the Qing army
I don't believe you can call him here
Oh, no.
Ivy is serious today
People will definitely come in person
It's for the ivy feast
To canonize the sea
Not for you wretch
Qin Fang is waiting for our northern king to come
You fake green soldier, I'm afraid you won't live for three minutes
I suggest you hurry up and find time
The old man will collect the body for you
Haha, did you hear that?
His Blood Yin Zhengbei King is coming
Look at him now.
immutable
Cut ties with him
Really?
Just call me the Tang family as for the irreparable land
Did you hear that?
Quickly apologize to Yan Zhanxing
Okay, okay, if you don't fall, I will fall.
Yan Zhanshen, I will teach you no way
Willing to be punished
I beg you, for the sake of the achievements of my Tang family for generations
Take back the city
Hey, I didn't expect it.
Mr. Tang is old
But for what he did to his daughter
Practice like a junior
Hmph, if I were him
Just buy sugar water to expel diabetes
What does it have to do with my diabetes?
I want to have both.
What a dream
Master Tang, are you just a beast now?
What right do you have to ask me?